README.md, before:

# Mathematics

## Fundamentals

### Complex Numbers

**ADDING, SUBTRACTING, AND MULTIPLYING COMPLEX NUMBERS**

| Definition                                                              | Description                                                                   |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Addition** <br/> $(a + bi) + (c + di) = (a + c) + (b+d)i$             | To add complex numbers, add the real parts and the imaginary parts.           |
| **Subtraction** <br/> $(a + bi) - (c + di) = (a - c) + (b - d)i$        | To subtract complex numbers, subtract the real parts and the imaginary parts. |
| **Multiplication** <br/> $(a + bi) * (c + di) = (ac - bd) + (ad + bc)i$ | Multiply complex numbers like binomials, using i^2 = -1.                      |
**DIVIDING COMPLEX NUMBERS**

To simplify the quotient $\frac{a + bi} {c + di}$, multiply the numerator and denominator by the complex conjugate of the denominator:
$$\frac{a + bi}{c + di} = \left(\frac{a + bi}{c + di}\right)\left(\frac{c - di}{c - di}\right) = \frac{(ac + bd)(bc-ad)i}{c^2 + d^2}$$

**SQUARE ROOTS OF NEGATIVE NUMBERS**

If $-r$ is negative, then the **principal square root** of $-r$ is
$$\sqrt{-r} = i\sqrt{r}$$
The two square roots of $-r$ are $i\sqrt{r}$ and $-i\sqrt{r}$.

Commit message:

Document DEFINITION OF COMPLEX NUMBERS.

README.md, after:

# Mathematics

## Fundamentals

### Complex Numbers

**DEFINITION OF COMPLEX NUMBERS**

A **complex** number is an expression of the form
$$a + bi$$
where $a$ and $b$ are real numbers and $i^2 = -1$. The **real part** of the complex number is a, and the **imaginary part** is $b$. Two complex numbers are equal if and only their real parts are equal and their imaginary parts are equal.

**ADDING, SUBTRACTING, AND MULTIPLYING COMPLEX NUMBERS**

| Definition                                                              | Description                                                                   |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Addition** <br/> $(a + bi) + (c + di) = (a + c) + (b+d)i$             | To add complex numbers, add the real parts and the imaginary parts.           |
| **Subtraction** <br/> $(a + bi) - (c + di) = (a - c) + (b - d)i$        | To subtract complex numbers, subtract the real parts and the imaginary parts. |
| **Multiplication** <br/> $(a + bi) * (c + di) = (ac - bd) + (ad + bc)i$ | Multiply complex numbers like binomials, using i^2 = -1.                      |
**DIVIDING COMPLEX NUMBERS**

To simplify the quotient $\frac{a + bi} {c + di}$, multiply the numerator and denominator by the complex conjugate of the denominator:
$$\frac{a + bi}{c + di} = \left(\frac{a + bi}{c + di}\right)\left(\frac{c - di}{c - di}\right) = \frac{(ac + bd)(bc-ad)i}{c^2 + d^2}$$

**SQUARE ROOTS OF NEGATIVE NUMBERS**

If $-r$ is negative, then the **principal square root** of $-r$ is
$$\sqrt{-r} = i\sqrt{r}$$
The two square roots of $-r$ are $i\sqrt{r}$ and $-i\sqrt{r}$.
